[owl hooting]
Despite the airship's thermal
readings, there are no
Chupacabra sightings as of yet,
- only these unidentified tracks.
You hear that?
- It's coming from that clearing.
- Whoa! We found Bigfoot!
- Shocksquatch: Oh!
- And a Chupacabra!
And the Chupacabra's
shiny, metal backpack?
[electricity crackles]
[Chupacabra shrieking]
We should follow the Chupacabra.
That's why we're here.
- But, Dad, Fiskerton just
captured Bigfoot!
[grunts]
Bigfoot?!
Don't you watch the news?
Of course we do.
Ben Tennyson, it's an honor.
I'm Zak Saturday.
♪ Ben 10 ♪
♪ he's a kid,
and he wants to have fun ♪
♪ but when you need a superhero,
he gets the job done ♪
♪ Ben 10 ♪
♪ with a device that he wears on his arm ♪
♪ he can change his shape and
save the world from harm ♪
♪ when trouble's taking place ♪
♪ he gets right in its face ♪
♪ Ben 10 ♪
♪ when lives are on the line ♪
♪ it's hero time ♪
♪ Ben 10 ♪
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
Uh, sorry about that.
We thought you were Bigfoot.
Ben: [chuckling]
Yeah, I get that a lot.
Well, Shocksquatch does.
- This is my Dad,
Doc Saturday, and you've already
met my brother, Fiskerton.
We're big fans.
- Ben: Yeah, I can tell.
[grunts]
We worked with your Grandpa
Max a while back on a
Cryptid-related matter.
Ben: Oh, those Saturdays.
You guys track down all
those freaky animals.
[grunts]
Cryptids, like Fisk here and
like that Chupacabra
that got away.
- Ben: Chupacabra?
Come on, Chupacabras aren't real.
Says the dude with the
magic watch that turns him
into aliens.
- Ben: Wha... magic?
Science. Way more real than
crypto-whatitses. [beeping]
Sorry, Ben, but these
Chupacabras are Cryptids,
and they're attacking
Bellwood's alien population.
Ben: We know.
My partner and I have been
tracking them for a week.
This is the first time we
actually caught up with one.
Hopefully, Rook has
caught it by now.
[breathing heavily]
I did not.
Hello.
You must be the Saturdays.
Thank you for coming.
Ben: Huh?
You knew they were coming?
Rook: Magister Tennyson
called them due to their
cryptozoological expertise.
Although, I have made an
extensive study of all
life-forms on Earth, and I am
certain that Chupacabras do not exist.
That's because of us.
- It's our job to make sure
Cryptids stay hidden
for their own protection.
Rook: That makes sense.
- Ben: It does?
Am I the only sane one around here?
[device whirring]
[device beeping]
So, the Chupacabras took up sculpting?
Rook: It's not a statue,
Ben. It has a pulse.
And this wound is consistent
with the reports from
the previous alien attacks.
- We'll take him up to the
airship, see if we can cure him.
[gasps]
The control room's down the
hall, and that's the game room.
Ben: Rook, we definitely
need our own airship.
Rook: We already have a
spaceship and an underground
headquarters.
- Ben: And neither of them has
a game room.
- Meet the rest of the family.
[bird shrieks]
Zon and Komodo.
[Komodo hisses]
Ben: Agh!
[Zon chirping] At least
somebody knows how to
treat a celebrity.
- This is the medical bay,
and this is my Mom.
[gulps]
Rook: Nice to meet you.
- Ben: Um, yeah.
Meeting you is the good.
- Oh [chuckles] right back at ya.
Dude, that's my Mom.
Ben: Do Cryptids have any
special powers, you know,
like my aliens?
- Some do.
I can show you more about them,
but you can't tell my folks.
Ben: You're not hiding the
lock ness monster up here,
are you?
'Cause that would be awesome!
No way.
We'd never take Nessie out of
her natural habitat.
- Ben: Oh, totally awful ...
so wrong.
[robotic laughter]
Rook: "Weird world"?
- Ben: Oh, yeah, I remember
that show. It had
that dude in the creepy mask.
V.V. Argost.
Ben: Yeah, it was on against
"Sumo Slammers,"
so I never watched it.
- I never saw "Sumo Slammers."
It's too hard to catch up on TV
when you're saving
the world all the time.
- Ben: I know, right?
And every time I'm just about
to get past level 12 in
"Sumo Slammers: World tournament,"
some bonehead alien
tries to destroy the
universe or something.
Rook: Yes, it must be
difficult for you not being able
to watch your favorite programs.
- Ben: He grew up on a farm ...
a very serious farm.
[electronic whirring]
No internal injuries.
Organs are functional.
He's just a rock.
What does that do?
It's a potion made
from Tibetan sea beads.
It expels evil spirits.
I know that look.
Just because one remedy didn't
work doesn't mean
there's not a mystical solution.
- You keep applying your
potions and elixirs while
I try doing some science.
V.V. Argost: Greetings and bienvenue.
I am your host, V.V. Argost.
Rook: Argost is gone, correct?
Was it a Cryptid that
destroyed him?
- Actually, it was me.
Turns out he was really an evil
yeti out to destroy humanity.
I zapped him out of existence
when he tried to combine my
kur power with antimatter
from an alternate universe.
Ben: Yeah, you lost me at "zapped."
Let's just say he was my nemesis,
but he made
an awesome TV show.
This episode ...
[alarm blaring]
There's been an attack at an
alien grocery store.
- Ben: Oh, don't tell me.
[beep]
Rook: Mr. Bowmann's.
I'll stay behind and keep
an eye on the lizard man.
Ben: Whoa, whoa, don't be so hasty.
Rook, you stay. We may
need Zak's mom's medi...
medi... uh,
you know, what she's got.
We should all go. These
Chupacabras are dangerous.
Ben: Right, no doubt.
[blaring continues]
Cool! Does that turn you into Anything?
- Trouble.
[indistinct shouting]
[Chupacabras shrieking]
[shouting continues]
Drew, you were right.
[Chupacabra growls, shrieks]
The Chupacabras are draining
that alien's life force.
We're too late.
[Chupacabras shrieking]
[grunts]
[beep]
No, no, no, no, no!
- Ben: I won't trash your store
this time, Mr. Bowmann. I promise...
that I'll try.
- Do you know how long it took
me to get live Aldabaron
Beetafangs in stock?
They don't grow on trees, you know.
Rook: Actually, they do.
- Not the point.
[Chupacabras shriek]
No! [shouts]
[Chupacabra shrieks]
Unh!
Not so fast!
[Chupacabra growls]
[distorted] I feel
you don't want to do this.
Who's controlling you?
[Chupacabra shrieks]
Unh!
[Chupacabras shrieking]
[beeping]
Drew and I need to get the
injured up to the airship.
- Ben: We'll get the Chupa-loopas!
Rook: Chupacabras.
- Ben: Yeah, those!
[Chupacabras shrieking]
Welcome back, my children!
[beeping]
[electronic whirring]
Dr. Animo: Ah, ah, just
enough. Our time has come.
[electronic whirring]
Welcome back, Mr. Argost!
- V.V. Argost: Ah.
Greetings and bienvenue.
[creature hisses]
Dr. Animo: [loudly] Do you
know where you are?
V.V. Argost: I'm reanimated,
not deaf. [laughs evilly]
It worked!
Our plan is an unmitigated success!
V.V. Argost: I seem to recall
it being my plan. I gave
you the blueprints for
this machine before my
unfortunate run-in with
Zak Saturday. [chuckles]
What is this?!
I explicitly asked for a yeti
body, not some
collage of Cryptid parts.
Dr. Animo: I took the liberty
of making some modifications.
I used the Chupacabras to drain
the life force needed to power
the machine. It's been
a productive three years.
V.V. Argost: Three years?!
You were supposed to
bring me back in a month!
What was the hold-up, Mr. Animo?
- Dr. Animo: Ben Tennyson, and
it's Dr. Animo!
- V.V. Argost: Yes, and I'm
sure that came from an
accredited university.
Well, it has been a rude awakening.
Run along now. I have one
Zak Saturday to dispose of.
[clears throat]
With all due respect, I'd like
to discuss the particulars
of this partnership.
[ Chupacabra chitters]
I keep your life force full
and vigorous, and in return, you
help me find the world's most
exotic animals for me to...
improve.
- V.V. Argost: Put a pin in
that one. I want to
take my new body for
a test-drive.
- Dr. Animo: Then you'll be needing this.
I'm not picking up any
Chupacabra thoughts.
Ben: Telepathy ... awesome!
I used to be better at it
before I destroyed Argost.
I thought my powers were
totally gone, but Mom says
I have some sort of residual,
mystical something or other.
So, how does the Omnitrix work, anyway?
Ben: Terrible, like
it has it out for me.
[explosion]
[indistinct shouting]
[laughs evilly]
Both: What kind of...
alien... is that?!
V.V. Argost: Zak Saturday?!
- Argost?!
How is that even possible?!
- V.V. Argost: I can't believe
my good fortune. You just
saved me the annoyance
of coming to find you.
[grunts]
Ohh! [shouts]
- V.V. Argost: And you must be
Mr. Tennyson.
- Ben: You know, your show
seemed cool, and your new look
is admittedly rad, but we're
totally gonna have to kick your butt.
It'll be fun to destroy
you for the second time.
V.V. Argost: Aw, don't
you like the new me?
I admit I was not taken with
my new form at first,
but it has grown on me!
- Ben: So I guess this means
it's hero time!
[shrieks]
[both grunting]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That was just the warm-up.
- Now it's time for the main event.
[shrieks]
[grunts]
Unh!
Nice try!
[roars]
[Chupacabras shrieking]
[shouts]
- Unh!
- Dr. Animo: Testing your new
body in public was not the best idea!
[grunts]
[Chupacabras chittering]
[beeping]
Ben: Argost is working
with Animo?
- Animo?
Ben: Mad scientist ...
likes to experiment on animals,
strictly a B-grade villain.
[tires screech]
We can still catch them!
Fisk can go from zero to 60
without breaking a sweat.
- Ben: Rook, we need a trike.
Rook: You have a motorcycle.
- I'd trade the trike and the
airship for some credit the
next time I save the world.
Every time I stop a Cryptid
invasion, they say it's tornado
damage or something.
- V.V. Argost: Careful, you're
not darning a sock.
This patchwork quilt you call
a body clearly isn't strong
enough to destroy Zak Saturday.
Dr. Animo: [tsking]
Really, Mr. Argost.
Men of our caliber needn't
fight our own battles.
It's beneath us.
Voilá!
And these are but the first.
Together, we can locate enough
creatures to build an
army of Franken-Cryptids!
V.V. Argost: But
Cryptids are unpredictable.
How do you know they won't turn on you?
Dr. Animo: Sadly, I've had to
resort to rather crude methods.
This only works with the
simplest of creatures such as
these Chupacabras.
All Tennyson has to do to beat
me is destroy this
transmogrifier, but you,
Mr. Argost, thanks to the
residual powers of the anti-kur,
you can control them with but a thought.
[laughs evilly]
Prepare for battle!
That's it!
[tires screech]
There's definitely a Cryptid in there.
Rook: I can use my proto
tool to realign the tumblers.
Oh, wait...
[engine revving]
...they left the door unlocked.
Ben: Welcome to Animo's lab,
population zero.
Looks like he took off.
Argost's handwriting. Looks
like he figured out how to
bring himself back using the
combined life force
of Cryptids and aliens.
- Rook: But you said Argost was
completely annihilated in a mystical
particle/anti-particle reaction.
Maybe the reaction created
its own interference pattern,
sending reverse wave forms back
through the original conduance.
Rook: Which would
account for your restored
telepathic powers, as well
as Argost's resurrection
via this device.
- Ben: Don't worry, big guy ...
I'm not getting any of this either.
[mumbling]
[gasps]
Brilliant, Fisk!
If we reverse the field
polarity, it just might work!
[sloop!]
Guys, if they're gone, why am I
still sensing a Cryptid in here?
[creature roars]
[beeping]
[creature growls]
Heatwave: Unh! Unh!
[creatures growls]
[shouts]
Unh! Unh!
Heatwave: [grunts]
- Ben: Unh!
[creature roaring]
[growls]
[creature grunts]
[gasps]
[creature roaring]
[groans]
[crashing]
[creature groaning]
If you were Argost, where would you be?
[beeping]
Attacking the airship.
V.V. Argost: Don't look now.
The Saturdays will go
down in flames!
[creatures shrieking]
[tires screech]
We have to get up there to
help Mom and Dad!
- No, you don't.
We evacuated everyone before
Argost made it to the ship.
Ben: I'm so glad you're
okay, Mrs. Saturday.
Um, my Dad's okay, too.
- V.V. Argost: Morphs, forget
the ship ... attack!
- Let's do this again!
[grunts]
[creature shrieks]
Put him down, you hideous beast!
V.V. Argost: My dear, do we
really have to resort to name calling?
[electricity crackling]
Agh!
Aah!
[grunts]
Thanks, bro.
[creatures shrieking]
[shrieking continues]
Shocksquatch: Yah!
[shouts]
[electricity crackling]
[roars]
[creature moaning]
V.V. Argost: Bonjour,
Doc and Drew Saturday.
What a coincidence running into
you in this sleepy, little burgh.
[car alarm blaring]
Shocksquatch: [shouts ]
[blaring continues]
This is between us!
Leave them alone!
V.V. Argost: Very well.
[Chupacabras chittering]
[fingers snap]
[Chupacabras shrieking]
Ah, the world's only Fiskerton phantom.
If I could cross you with an
owl man, it would be the bee's
knees. Note to self ...
put knees on bees.
Let's take him back to my lab!
[whirring]
Huh?
[Chupacabra shrieks]
[shouts] Unh!
[growls]
[grunting]
Unh!
- V.V. Argost: Any last words?
You won't win!
You look gross!
In the last season of your
show, you totally phoned it in!
V.V. Argost: [shrieks]
[beeping]
Argost's body runs on the
life force that was in the
Chupacabras' cannisters. If
we can syphon the energy back
out of them, it'll shut him
down and free the Cryptids.
Ben: So you need an alien
who can channel energy?
I think I know just the guy.
V.V. Argost: Oh, can't this wait?
I'm about to finish off
Zak Saturday ... kind of my
raison d'etre.
- Dr. Animo: Sorry, that
Fiskerton thing is proving
very hard to capture.
[grunts] Agh!
- V.V. Argost: Did I stutter?!
I said not now!
- Dr. Animo: After all I've
done for you!
I'm the scientific genius here!
V.V. Argost: Oh, please.
You can be replaced by
a chimpanzee with a sewing machine.
[growls]
[Zon shrieks]
[Chupacabras chittering, shrieking]
Dr. Animo: A pterosaur!
What a splendid addition
to my army!
[Komodo grunts]
Not again!
[Chupacabras shrieking]
[creatures grunt]
V.V. Argost: [chuckles]
This tail does come in handy.
What more can I ask for?
[beep]
Feedback: Eyes in
the back of your head.
[electricity crackling]
V.V. Argost: I will have my
revenge, Zak Saturday!
This isn't over!
Feedback: Sorry, dude, it kind of is.
[electricity crackling]
[Chupacabra shrieks]
Ben: Reporters will be here soon, Zak.
Ready for that limelight?
Thanks, Ben. Much as I'd
like the world to
know what I do, our
work has to stay secret.
Animo's not the only one
who wants to hurt Cryptids.
I'd rather keep them safe
than be a star.
Ben: Well, it's been great
saving the world with you.
You too.
- Ben: And your Mom.
Still my Mom, dude!
Oh, one last thing.
Picture with you as an alien?
- Ben: You bet.
Rook: I do not understand
human fascination with
Ben's aliens. I am an
alien after all as are all
of the aliens in Undertown.
In fact, to us, Earth is
an alien planet.
- Ben: Relax, Rook.
You're still my number-one partner.
After Kevin. And Gwen.
Rook: True enough.
[camera shutter clicks]
sync & correction by f1nc0
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org